next fight
exhibit closure 3001 h
if I'm not mistaken by them
in front of canter this tank is mine
see again let it feed not worth
the top
not because I'm not right for us
naturally open everything is there but because
I like this gun more like it again
the positions I show you
sometimes java show positions at all
their tanks there windows rotating
I occupied the tower
it is this position I always don't know
why here on this position
little make up usually the end of march there
still happens that Lenin but some tanks
here come su-152 with you card
becomes
for example from new rarely here and so here
why then this subspecies police nobody up
disconnect see for yourself what kind of review
gis common sides to be an idea but again
with enlightened optics there with stereo
pipes with all these things over there
you can look very well
shoot because those who go to
close combat they also mean there
go back and forth well maybe so there
more like it may well not like
a portrait from afar the first time I sweat
Naturally, too, am going to close combat with a
after some time new beginnings can
from here they let me do it
how to type 7 points that try
it is given experience is chosen
due to these hits but few of them
sees from here almost no well
illuminate sometimes
but someone lingers there well now me
year will be this among 10 someone but I
hide behind a pebble as usual
here I shoot she you get someone
but is there a little or there is a hit of 35 hair
on whom the pedicure did not stop
I immediately showed up amazingly
How far is valid as they too
Apparently it ’s about the same
equipment like mine that is
there it highlights here
what distance can i highlight then
there is still this position here in my
a look but just about perfect to
for some reason don’t stand there
melee well here and this time we
I think you should have wanted an hour with us
it seems to be less alive
enemy advantage
let's see what happens
further and here and go there how much floor they have
Now we will shoot at someone
maybe most likely a bed anyway
anyone when in melee they
do not live as a whole picture sees here
these here he left i his george it
puts it on
I hit it and egged here please wiki
such a distance to get and of course
harder than there folding consist
shoot at look see what
advantage they are protecting me not even
I see them smacks smacks
undeveloped
exceptional police even in my
I didn’t break it, but I still
Well, you see for yourself I don't know
I think that this position will become
exclusively on this map and from this
parties please
and they don't even see close
Well, that's probably the art of highlight drying
to please our advantage become
how many of them were hits I did not count them
see for yourself, well, even though I have
Send me there I like 1
destroyed and how many hits
punch this pretty much know yet
the battle
and have a good bye